This document is this campaign's version of the following wiki page:
https://wiki.wesnoth.org/CharactersStorys

Glauco: Main character of the campaign. Wesnothian human. Starts the campaign as a
Sergeant, but will probably advance a few ranks over the course of it. Sent out
to the eastern territories of Wesnoth and the lands beyond from a more central
location, so he is kind of an outsider; think of a city-dweller transplanted into
a rural area. A "bold young man" eager to set out to make a name for himself,
although his portrait looks a bit older than the text describes him as.

Geobard: A mounted unit; whether he is a Cavalier, Dragoon, or Cavalryman depends
on difficulty. A messenger sent from Soradoc to assist Glauco at Amoran. His
portrait is the same as Deoran's from The South Guard (so he's young-looking).

Glubtrub: An ogre met along the Amber Road. Stupid; speaks in mangled ogre-style
syntax, where, instead of conjugating his verbs, he just uses the infinitives.
Joins Glauco and Geobard in their fight against some Nagas that they encountered,
and then on the rest of their journey, too.

Croquet: One of two possible trappers that the player can encounter; joins Glauco
and Geobard in the branch of the campaign where Grunto's orcs are the enemy in the
second scenario. Has a pet wolf named Fangy. The trappers are basically
interchangeable besides their names and choice of pets, and either will continue
with the player throughout the rest of the campaign as a scout.

Divaid: The other possible trapper that the player can encounter; joins Glauco and
Geobard in the branch of the campaign where Dadoc's bandits are the enemy in the
second scenario. Has a pet gryphon named Ranfy. Basically interchangeable with
Croquet besides his name and choice of pet; continues with the player throughout
the rest of the campaign as a scout.

Fangy: A wolf; pet of Croquet. Mostly just growls like a dog might.

Ranfy: A gryphon; pet of Divaid. Mostly just makes gryphon noises.

Mimord: A crazy Dwarvish Berserker encountered in the Bloody Hills. Joins Glauco's
party because he is bored. Nicely offers his services for free. Likes fighting a
lot. Uses some unique dwarvish idioms to start some sentences.

Titus: A loyal spearman introduced in the first scenario in Amoran. Was previously
the highest-ranking officer in Amoran (even though he was only a private) before
Glauco arrived.

Caius: A loyal bowman introduced in the first scenario in Amoran. Only has one line
so far; not too important.

Grunto: An enemy Orcish Warrior leader fought in the first scenario, and in the
second one, too, if he's not defeated in the first one. Referred to as a "thief" by
Croquet, and as an "over-swollen goblin" by Gan-Tarkas. Allied with Dadoc.

Dadoc: An enemy Bandit leader fought in the first scenario, and in the second one,
too, if he's not defeated in the first one. Leads a band of cutthroats. Kind of
cowardly; referred to as a "very cautious guy" by Divaid. Speaks tauntingly.

Olly: An enemy loyal Goblin Spearman fought in the orcish variant of the second
scenario. An advisor to Grunto. Speaks like a servant.

Kssihiss: An enemy Naga Myrmidon leader fought in the third scenario. Has the usual
sort of Naga-like speech pattern where he speaks sibilantly like a snake might,
with emphasis on the letter "s".

Joralda: An allied Merman Triton leader who Glauco assists in the fifth scenario.
In charge of the group of "Nereids" (merfolk) who Glauco was trying to reestablish
trade relations with in the first place. Agrees to start shipping amber up the
Amber Road to Wesnoth after Glauco helps him reclaim the amber deposits from some
saurians. Speaks intelligently and eloquently, like nobility might speak.

Giksy: An enemy Saurian Flanker leader fought in the fifth scenario. Capable of
summoning sea monsters. Has a snake-like speech pattern like the nagas do.

Gan-Tarkas: An enemy Orcish Warlord leader fought in the sixth scenario. The
overarching villain of the entire campaign. Had originally ordered Grunto to
perform his attack of the first scenario sometime beforehand. Attempting to control
the whole eastern territory from Amoran to the eastern coast. Has an evil laugh.

Hisskss: An enemy Naga Myrmidon fought in the sixth scenario. Shows up to avenge
the death of his brother at the request of Gan-Tarkas. Has a similar Naga-like
speech pattern to his brother, Kssihiss.
